own here for us 2
open this door and flank we go further
so look around not stake and I
flashlight go evaporated city economy
successfully growing up the same want i can
enter good shut dangerous listen
can give a trunk we just protect our
our our
will be able to hear you yo yo
inventory and positively old Osiris
there will be to win the king oh remember
this world weapons zoom plates and then
the restaurant will be and guns value here who
that is, sushi steps
you heard it
i have nobody here and footsteps and heard
made here
yes no she even no one no one no i
so they break our only they whom this
who do n't kill me i run away i run
weapons take your teeth weather
spacers
scale shootout shootout run away
I do not want anything go nafig
Lord Jesus, that there is a text
covered doctor please cure
please please I have a pancake
so 17 I was just robbed and almost
killed clean search shorter this warrant
they searched it
let's be the other way and all
shared with you i'm running he is going for
I'm not with you and do not want
turn around quest where is the exit the exit
exit exit exit
he know no not for me i don't know fix he
didn't follow me for 4 percent of the meal and here
wolf 2
hide weapons in inventory and I urgently
so she throw out r4 house hide
apartment is much faster now
I'll die
our apparatus is so quick to detect easily
dad themselves got caught and team weapons
faster all in amber
I decided to stop by . I, too, start.
I got the money they fell out or fall out
such a pleasant day in the vastness of it
cities are now zero percent all
you now what will I want to go so
money and there what I have now
I wanted to rob a paper officer to me he
wanted to rob he made the name of the trunk
thanks you are an honest man was the trunk
illegal and honest man in the head I
going to die, I'm going to die could neither from
that hunger is too late late
I got my money back, I did not have time
weapons weapons left still left
good 3
already there I didn’t know whether I ran or not
of course
and now apple here check this
bye it monads or soldering
he
not